We have acquired 46% of Knight's shares.
Just buy another 5%.
We can have complete control over the Knight.
Wow.
Then keep losing.
You can spend more money.
Just be able to buy Qin Shi's shares.
That's the reason why he's missing the good news.
Qin Feng Ming again took his shares to trade.
What, he's taking his shares out to trade?
Is there a conspiracy?
Miss Lee has no conspiracy.
Suning Moon has sent a message.
Say that idiot Qin Fengming.
We know we can't beat us.
Has given up the stake and plans to travel around the world.
This idiot.
He didn't really think I'd buy it all.
I'll withdraw my money later and travel around the world.
I'm dreaming.
Go buy a five-point stake.
Dad, let's all have our weddings tomorrow.
I want to be in front of all the guests.
Take him away as the general director of the Qin family
Make him completely become an act of losing family
To avenge your brother.
Okay.